README.MD, before:

## Roadmap:

### Auth:
1. Login User - done (needs active user check implemented, db update first)
2. Login Lister - SEC
3. Login U / L routes to - SEC
4. Logout and remove session cookies - SEC

### Register:
1. Create generic user, routes to fill out profile, user can select lister, then routes to user main
2. Form validation working, needs double password match and unique username check

### Misc & UX/UI:
1. Error page - DB
2. Marketing Content for landing - DB
3. Cookie Policy page - DB
5. Cookie notice popup on landing - SEC
6. navbar needs responsive fix
7. navbar needs onclick toggle back up fix
8. Remove unused css, check class naming, etc.
9. Optimise image loading speed
10. Add Google Analytics
11. Better error catching / status returns / error messages
12. Form Validation, regex for checking and converting phone numbers

### DB:
1. Update user with active column and adjust classes / ctrl - ST

### Find space

### Manage space
1. Create
2. Read
3. Update
4. Deactivate

### Reserve
1. Create
2. Read
3. Update
4. Cancel

### Manage account
1. Update
2. Deactivate

### Payments

Commit message:

finished navbar style change on login, user profile update works and re-enter password to confirm working, can split lister/user work now

README.MD, after:

## Roadmap:

### Auth:
1. Login User - done (needs active user check implemented, db update first)
2. Login U / L routes to UserMain - DONE
3. Logout and remove session cookies - DONE

### Register:
1. Create generic user, routes to fill out profile, user can select lister, then routes to user main
2. Form validation working, needs double password match and unique username check

### Misc & UX/UI:
1. Error page - DB
2. Marketing Content for landing - DB
3. Cookie Policy page - DB
5. Cookie notice popup on landing - SEC
6. navbar needs responsive fix
7. navbar needs onclick toggle back up fix
8. Remove unused css, check class naming, etc.
9. Optimise image loading speed
10. Add Google Analytics
11. Better error catching / status returns / error messages
12. Form Validation, regex for checking and converting phone numbers - DONE
13. Form Val / reroute on incorrect login cred.
15. How to allow user to become lister after-the-fact?

### DB:
1. Update user with active column and adjust classes / ctrl - ST

### Find space

### Manage space
1. Create
2. Read
3. Update
4. Deactivate

### Reserve
1. Create
2. Read
3. Update
4. Cancel

### Manage account
1. Update
2. Deactivate

### Payments
